edag project creates components on the go, immedietly and only when they are called.

That is nice because of flexibility, but doesn't provide good insight to
available parts. Hard to list or browser them, or see variants,
parameters, etc.

A current convention is to have some standard argument to functions creating
these parts. I.e. type annotations on function argument, to indicate
package, nets, etc.

However, some parts are more complex:

* They are part of a series, with dozens of parts.

* They might be available in few or dozen packages.

* The pin numbers might map differently on each package. I.e. v_in on
SOIC-8 might be pin 1, but v_in on SOT-23-6 might be pin 3.

* In fact some parts can come with same package but different pin maps,
as they are replacement of some other parts. I.e. some voltage references
come in 4 variants of SOT-23-6, with different permutation of pin
assignments, or some pins not exposed externally. They might even be
using different die, or die orientation internally.

Ordering numbers and markings are even more complex. Ordering numbers
from manufacturer might depend on a model, variant, package, temperature
range, quality grade, type of packaging (tape, real, bulk), or even
revision, or certification method.

And then we have numbers provided by distributors, like DigiKey, Mouser,
LCSC, JCLPCB / EasyEDA, etc. Some of them might just have a single number
for a part, some might many additional variants, depending on a type of
package (cut tape, digi-reel, tape & reel, etc), some might depend on
ordered quantity.


We might want to be able to use different footprint variants for some
parts:

* For example we might want almost all SMD 0603 parts to be as small as
possible, and use standard dense footprint variant, with exception of
lets say a fuse, which we might want to be able to hand solder easily.

* Or we want all SMD IC footprints to be small, with exception of one part
that will be soldered manually, i.e. because we want to try different
chips, chip lots, or it is a part that can't be ordered (now or anymore)
by the assembly shop, so 95% of parts is machine assembled, but few are
hand soldered.

So, we might want to be able to specify manually footprint variants
for some parts.
